It's okay to do it well
Are you all right I think
Scared me to death
Reply to my message, the purpose of my video talk is not today's banquet.
Just like me first
Ok your body is important
I'll help you go back to rest first
Hey guys
I'm really sorry.
Because I'm not feeling well today.
Let's cancel today's engagement party
How do you reward Jesse? No
Qin Shiyu and Guo Yiming must be married as soon as possible
If Ji Lingchuan found out that Qin Shiyu was the person he was looking for
Then I have nothing.
You go, I get off work, you're alright, it's alright, you guys continue
Ok bro, you can rest.
Brother Chen, rest first
I'm going to Anhui to check on the guests.
Nini, didn't you say you never got Qin Shi Huang?
There is a great opportunity today
Xiaoyu, I would like to take this banquet to formally propose to you
What do you want to vent late for you?
Xiaoyu, please marry me
I am sincere to you
I will definitely love you from now on
Love you and take care of you
In this life, I may not be
If you don't marry the next one